fs: readFile function adds the chunkSize option (#41647)
nodejs/node: doc/api/fs.md

* `path` {string|Buffer|URL|integer} filename or file descriptor
* `options` {Object|string}

>   * `bPerRead` {integer} The number of bytes per read. Use `-1` for no limit.

Reviewer: `s/bPerRead/chunkSize`

  * `encoding` {string|null} **Default:** `null`
  * `flag` {string} See [support of file system `flags`][]. **Default:** `'r'`.
  * `signal` {AbortSignal} allows aborting an in-progress readFile

>   * `kPerRead` {integer} The number of kb per read, -1 means no limit.

Reviewer 2: The options are in alphabetical order. Let's keep them that way by moving this up one line.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `kPerRead` {integer} The number of KB per read. Use `-1` for no limit.
```

Reviewer 3: Is there a reason why we're using kilobytes instead of just bytes?

Also, I think a name like `chunkSize` or similar would be a better name, especially since the `/^k[A-Z]/` prefix is used internally in code for private/internal field/symbol names.
